you know what is up guys Pierre Alex
here and today I'm gonna be showing you
how to get if I can just reach my
perfect form so Cecil and basically all
you have to do is buy one from the item
shop and then you'll be able to mix one
right away and then there's three you
got to get from PQ's and I'll be showing
you guys right here guys um let's see
you the first one oh all right you got
to do parallel quests 23 clash perfect
so long as you defeat on the three
minutes you'll be able to get the Z so
I'm your brother so once that's done
guys you'll move on to the next PQ
parallel quest or I just said PQ right
pretty localized 25 now once that's done
I have to do is defeat with Vegeta and
piccolo surviving guys as long as you do
that you'll get and you defeat the
revived Android you'll be able to get
the next Cecil and that is now I'm
fighting for real so what's that's done
guys um you move on to the next C so
which is parallel quest 27 artificial
warriors I get to do is defeat all the
cell juniors and then I can the
beginning of the game and then next
thing you got to do with the fisa on the
revived Android 17 and 18 so what stats
done guys you'll be able to get to Z so
you'll never be an Android and basically
guys what the Z so does it gives you
plus 5 on every every stat so like on
health stamina and ki and basically
everything guys all the stats you go up
so what what this does is when your key
is at max your health regenerates slowly
and then when your stamina is at max
your UM knock the whites auto guard
which comes in handy sometimes anyways
item shop here we go okay like as I said
before you have to buy a certain Z so
I'm an Android from the item shop piece
of cake and once that's done as long as
you have a so echo device you'll be able
to create the Z so you'll need wha haha
gotchu as long as you guys done the PQ
that I told you to do and get the fan
how the Z souls next thing is next
you'll be able to make create a Z so
called bwahahah thanks for energy you'll
never beat an Android
and as long as you guys did the PQ I
told you guys to do you'll have it and
wah ha ha got you there you go thanks
for the energy so once you make that
you'll be able to make I'm not gonna be
that easy now I'm fighting for real and
plus the Z hole you just created bah
thanks for the energy guys so what's
that once that's done you can get this
so long as you have the on your brother
from the PQ and then the created one you
just made you'll be able to get if I can
just reach my perfect form so yeah
thanks for watching guys I hope this
helped you out subscribe if you're new
stay tuned for the next video guys I'll
see you again probably when the next DLC
drops peace